welcome back to horror recaps today i
will show you a horror slash thriller
from 2016 titled hush
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
maddie young is an author who lost her
ability to hear and speak when she was
13.
hoping to strengthen her writing career
she lives an isolated life in the woods
with only her cat
one evening maddie is silently cooking
dinner for herself when she gets a text
message from her friend sarah
sarah wants to stop by her house maddie
invites her and waits for her at the
door while she is at it she also feeds
her cat
sarah meets maddie at the front porch
and greets her in sign language
maddie reminds sarah that she can read
lips but sarah wants to practice signing
she also hands maddie a book it is one
of the books maddie has
written sarah tells maddie she loves it
and praises her writing abilities
she also asks her how she comes up with
the ideas to which maddie replies that
she has a voice in her mind
sarah compliments maddie's skills but
signs it wrong making matty laugh at her
mistake
as they are talking a loud alarm goes
off inside the house
they rush inside to see it as the fire
alarm maddie mistakenly left the food in
the oven and forgot about it
she apologizes to sarah for the fire
alarm being too loud and explains it is
because she has to feel the vibration to
know that it's working
later sarah invites maddie to come over
for dinner but she refuses because she
has to work
sarah then leaves for her home maddie
gets a text from someone named craig but
ignores it and
starts typing on her computer she is
brainstorming ideas for her book
however it is not working she then
decides to facetime craig but hangs up
before he receives it
a few seconds later craig calls her
himself but maddie declines she then
gets up to clean up the kitchen when all
of a sudden a bloodied sarah bangs on
her windows
she is crying asking for help right
behind maddie but maddie doesn't notice
anything
a masked man is outside with sarah she
pleads with him not to hurt her
but he stabs sarah several times and
kills her he notices maddie silently
cleaning through the window and bangs it
to catch her attention
he soon realizes that she cannot hear
him maddie goes back to her couch and
starts writing
she doesn't hear the masked intruder
coming inside the house
he stands right behind her with a knife
maddie is still unaware of his presence
she continues writing gibberish on her
computer just then maddie's sister max
facetimes her
the intruder moves away before she can
receive the call
maddie talks to her sister about her
book craig and her life in the woods
max is worried about her and wants her
to come back to the city
while they are talking the intruder
finds maddie's phone and takes it with
him
max tells maddie that she saw a movement
behind her maddie dismissed it
saying it might be the cat after ending
the call maddie walks around the house
looking for her cat but doesn't find it
so she puts a jacket on and sits on the
couch again
as she opens her laptop she gets a text
from her own phone
she opens it to find several pictures of
her from a few minutes ago
looking through them in surprise maddie
sees one of the pictures as of her
talking to her sister and another one of
her looking for her cat
she then gets a picture of her in the
exact position she is sitting on the
couch
it is as if someone just took it and
sent it to her she gets up to look
through the window and for the first
time
sees the masked intruder outside her
house he has her phone in his hand
she rushes quickly and closes the window
before he can enter
the man goes around the house to the
back door but maddie closes that one too
she then goes to her laptop to call
9-1-1 however
the man cuts off the electricity in the
house now there is no way out for maddie
terrified she looks at the man through
the window he scratches her window with
a knife
the house is pitch black not a single
light works
the man slices the tires of her car so
she cannot run away
maddie is terrified she takes a lipstick
and writes
won't tell didn't see face boyfriend
coming home on her window
her plan is to agree not to tell anyone
about the intruder and send him away
but the intruder on the other hand sees
the message and takes his mask off
he tells her that she has seen his face
now and asks her if she can read his
lips
maddie nods in fear the intruder wants
to play a sick game with her
he tells her that he can come inside any
time but he will only do so when she
wishes she is dead
maddie is terrified but manages to go to
the kitchen and gets a knife and a
hammer
she then goes to her room and locks the
door she also closes all the curtains
scared maddie sits in a corner suddenly
a shadow is seen through the window
it starts banging on it maddie notices
that it is a bloodied hand
she gets up slowly to see the intruder
holding dead sarah she runs out of the
room and starts sobbing on the floor
but then she remembers sarah has her
phone in her pocket
this could be a chance for her to get in
contact with someone
maddie thinks of a plan she gets her car
keys to trigger an alarm in hopes of
distracting the man
she then runs to her room to get sarah's
phone through the window
but sarah's body is too far away maddie
is not quick enough to get the phone
the man sees her trying to get it in
runs to get her thankfully she gets
inside before he can reach her
he tries to open the windows as she
tries to close it
maddie then takes the hammer from
earlier and hits him this gives her time
to lock the windows the intruder shows
maddie sarah's phone and keeps it on top
of her body
challenging her to get it he also takes
sarah's necklace with him
maddie slowly gets away from him and
gets out of the room as the man bangs
the window behind her
she is in her living room when she sees
the man moving around the house through
the windows
he moves to the back of the house taking
this chance
maddie comes out of the house through
the front door she hides under the deck
before he can see her
when he is away from her view she makes
a run for it
however the man sees her and hits her
with a crossbow bolt
thankfully he misses somehow maddie
manages to run inside the house again
she then climbs up the stairs and
attempts to escape through the windows
she climbs down the roof and throws a
torchlight to distract him
but her plan fails when the man notices
her he shoots her with a crossbow bolt
again
this time it hits her leg now maddie is
on the roof
injured and the intruder is climbing up
it to reach her
as he reaches the top maddie pushes him
back down and snatches his crossbow
she tries to hit the man with a bolt but
he starts climbing up again
maddie quickly rushes back inside
through the window and locks it
she has the crossbow with her but is
bleeding a lot through her leg
crying maddie applies medicine to her
wound she then tries to figure out the
way to use the crossbow
the intruder watches her trying through
the window but she doesn't know it
just then someone knocks on maddie's
front door looking for sarah
it is sarah's boyfriend john he sees
maddie's writing on the glass door
maddie cannot hear john but the intruder
does when no one answers the door
john is about to call the police but the
intruder poses as a police officer and
stops him
he makes up a story about calling the
sheriff and takes jon's phone
he drops sarah's necklace while handing
the phone back seeing that jon grow
suspicious of the man
they chat while maddie is still trying
to use the crossbow
john tells the man about a spare key
beneath the dock and plans to hit him
when he isn't looking
but as he is about to do that maddie
starts banging the door
this distracts jon and the man gets a
chance to stab him in the neck
jon tries to fight but the intruder
stabs him again on the leg
john takes him by surprise and pushes
him to the ground
he holds him there as he tells maddie to
run away she imagines herself running
out the back door
but the man gets her and hits her on the
head several times
she is too scared to run eventually jon
let's go of the man and dies
maddie has no way to get out of this she
sits down in her living room and
brainstorms several ideas of how she can
escape
but she knows she will either be caught
or bleed to death
eventually she decides to kill him
meanwhile
the intruder is outside smoking
cigarettes talking to john's dead body
maddy's cat finally comes back the man
is about to kill it
two when suddenly he is struck in the
shoulder with a bolt
maddie has come out of the house to
attack the man she retreats into the
house
but one of her arrows falls on the deck
as she tries to grab it
the man slams the sliding door on her
hand and crushes it beneath his foot
she slowly drags her bloody palm inside
and locks the door
the man watches her on the floor crying
in pain he also breaks the arrow she was
trying to get
he threatens her he will come in now
with much determination
maddie stands up and writes do it on the
glass door with her blood
she then bangs the door and adds the
word coward to it the man reads it and
goes back to get a tire iron and starts
bashing the door with it
as he does that maddie types his
description on her laptop
she also leaves a message for her family
and tells them that he died fighting
she then locks herself in the bathroom
with a knife she waits for him there
facing the door but the man is already
behind her
he has broken in through the skylight in
the bathroom the man talks to her
thinking she cannot hear him but maddie
feels his breath on the back of her neck
before he could attack her she stabs him
with her knife
she quickly limps out of the room to the
kitchen and hides there
the man comes back looking for her but
before he can reach her she sprays his
face with an insecticide and turns on
the fire alarm from earlier
the man still doesn't give up and
attacks maddie he kicks her several
times and strangles her
maddie's whole life flashes in front of
her eyes she remembers pictures of her
childhood and her family
she somehow manages to get hold of a
corkscrew and stabs him on the neck the
man shoots out blood from where he has
been stabbed and finally dies
maddie gets up slowly and looks for her
phone on him
she proceeds to call 9-1-1 she walks out
to her front deck and pat's her cat
the movie ends when the police arrive at
the house make sure to subscribe and
turn on notifications so you can watch
more videos like this
thanks for watching